♪
(Dumon)
Our plan was to
give power to humans,
so they would steal Numbers
and destroy Astral World.
Unfortunately,
Vetrix and Faker
were both defeated
by the power of Zexal.
Dumon, you cannot
stand by and do nothing.
What is
the plan?
We will destroy
Astral World ourselves.
But Barian World
and Astral World
are both meta
energy worlds.
We cannot attack
them directly!
This is why
we used humans.
You know that in that
world we cannot appear
in our
natural form.
And that means we cannot
capture Numbers ourselves!
We have
no choice.
We need
those Numbers.
We must go with
our alternate plan.
Alito,
there's no...
I am not
like Vector.
I refuse to do
work that bores me.
Girag,
you go.
Me?
You are a brave
Barian warrior.
I know you
can do the job.
Yes.
I am a
brave warrior.
Strong, too!
♪
I will get
every single Number.
Do not
worry, Dumon.
I am counting
on you, Girag.
♪
♪ Still
together as one ♪
♪ 'Cause divided
we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go,
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't
stand in our way ♪
♪ You know we
ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time,
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip
up today ♪
♪ You just
wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears
are gone erased ♪
♪ Let us tear
down the walls ♪
♪ 'Til the
final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our
souls can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us
fight together ♪
♪ Regret
it never ♪
♪ Our dreams
will be ♪
♪ Halfway
to Forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach
down deep ♪
♪ Beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that
we can do ♪
♪ Halfway
to Forever ♪
♪ We've got
nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep
breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway
to Forever ♪♪
♪
Whoever can
open this door
will gain a
great new power.
But know that
with such a reward
comes
great risk.
Have you the courage
to unlock this power?
What kind of risk are
we talking about here?
You would lose that which
is most valuable to you.
(woman)
Most valuable...
Um, I'll take
a rain check.
Oh...
(yelling)
(all laughing)
That hurt.
♪
Oh...
Another
humiliating moment.
It was not
my fault!
Oh, of
course it wasn't!
I guess you falling
asleep in class is our fault!
(all groaning)
Well, class is over now
so it's time to duel.
(girls squealing)
(all)
Hello, Yuma!
OMG!
We want some
photographs!
(chuckling)
(Flip)
Those girls are like
moths around a flame.
That flame's
starting to burn me up.
Yeah... and those
moths are buggin' me.
(gasping)
He's
loving this.
Okay,
ladies.
Just
relax!
Yuma's not gonna
let his fans down!
So if you girls
will get in line,
I'll be happy to give you
all the autographs you'd like.
Great.
Can you get me Shark's
autograph, please?
And I want
one from Kite!
Yeah,
me too!
Ask Quattro
to sign this?
And please give
him this note.
Or give me
a stamp!
♪
Yuma and I have collected
50 Numbers up to now.
♪
Perhaps they provide a
clue as to my true purpose.
♪
What
could it be?
(Yuma)
I just don't
get it, Tori.
Those girls don't even
care that I'm the one
who won the
Duel Carnival!
I know, but you seemed to
enjoy the attention anyway.
So not
true!
I hated it!
And by the way, where'd
Bronk and the others go?
We were all
supposed to duel today!
(giggling)
I guess I shouldn't
be telling you this,
but they've been doing
some extra training.
Training?
Yeah.
They want to make sure
they have the skills
to keep up with
you when you duel.
What
the huh?
So that's how
they wanna play.
Keepin'
secrets from me!
Don't be
paranoid, Yuma.
Hey,
wait.
I haven't
seen Astral.
Where's he
been lately?
Ever since the Carnival
he's been hangin' out
inside
the Key.
At least I get a
little peace and quiet.
♪
Shark!
Hey,
Hey!
You're all
healed up!
That's
right.
I've got
an idea.
How about a
real quick duel?
I can't.
I'm going to visit
my younger sister.
Your
younger sister?
You're going
to the hospital?
The Duel Carnival's over,
but she's still not awake.
I'm sorry.
(tires screeching)
(crowd chattering)
♪
(woman)
We have more now on
that breaking story
from just outside
Heartland City
where several armored cars
have reportedly been attacked.
Eyewitnesses say a wild
gang of masked motorcyclists
have been hijacking
the vehicles used to...
(Fender)
More money.
Good.
More money
means more power.
(man)
Hey, look
up there!
(man)
Looks like
a black hole!
Freaky!
♪
(groaning)
(yelling)
Something's wrong.
(Kite)
Orbital,
what's happening?
Master Kite...
Massive
gravitational waves
at Point 3013
in the Bay Area!
No, it
can't be.
What
was that?
It almost felt
kind of like a wave.
(beeping)
Who
is it?
♪
Hey,
what's that?
What's
going on?
♪
So this is
Yuma Tsukumo's world.
How'd you
get here?
Who
are you?
Ha, this place
is a real dump.
But it must be pretty
nice if you're a cockroach.
'Cause from
what I can see
it's filled with
a lot of garbage.
Oh, really?
All right,
get this guy!
(all yelling)
What?
Huh? Where'd
that guy go?
Peek-a-boo!
♪
Who is
this guy?
I can be your
new best friend.
'Cause I can give
you real power,
power enough to rule
your whole pathetic planet!
All you gotta do is
work for Barian World.
(all chanting)
Barian... Barian...
Barian...
(Astral)
I sense the
Numbers are trying to
tell me
something.
Something
different.
important.
♪
All right,
I'm ready.
Now let's...
♪
Rio!
Unfortunately, she took
a sudden turn for the worse
about a half
an hour ago.
Nurse, put
everyone on alert.
Right!
♪
Rio.
(panting)
They're
coming.
Coming...
A darkness
is coming!
A darkness?
They're coming,
coming to take...
coming to take
what's most valuable!
Who's
"they"?
"Most
valuable?"
Whoever can
open this door
will gain a
great new power.
But know that
with such a reward
comes
great risk.
You would lose that which
is most valuable to you.
(Yuma)
What's most
valuable to me?
Astral!
Maybe
it's him?
(beeping)
It's Bronk
calling.
(laughing)
Are you
Yuma Tsukumo?
Hey, who
are you?
(Brock)
Yuma!
Bronk?
Yuma, don't
come here!
You understand?
Don't!
Bronk,
Bronk!
I'm taking
everything you've got.
Come to the school right
now and bring your Numbers.
My Numbers?
That's
right.
And
hurry.
I don't know how much
your friends can take.
(laughing)
Yuma,
listen...
We've got to do
something, but what?
I knew it.
I knew this had
to be all about Astral.
Astral?
I don't
exactly know why,
but someone or something
is trying to take Astral.
♪
Tori, I think you
better hold on to this.
But aren't you going to
need Astral to help you out?
I can't risk
Astral's safety.
This is the only way I
know how to protect him!
Yuma!
Yuma,
wait up!
Rio.
Yuma...
♪
Yuma.
(thundering)
(Yuma)
Don't worry,
Astral...
I won't let
'em get you.
I promise!
(thundering)
♪
(groaning)
That rat!
Guys, are
you okay?
I'm so
sorry.
We did our best
for you, Yuma.
But he was
too strong.
Hey, I told
you not to come!
You think I'd
abandon you guys?
(Fender laughing)
I knew you
couldn't stay away!
All right.
Now hand over
those Numbers
and be quick
about it!
Who
are you?
Why do you
want my Numbers?
I want them because
Barian World needs them.
Barian
World?
That's right,
Yuma Tsukumo.
You're the stepping
stone for Barian World.
That
can't be!
I defeated that thing
from Barian in a duel.
That battle was only
the prologue, Yuma.
Now the time has come
for the real story to begin.
Yeah, well,
I'm gonna end it!
Duel
Disk, go!
♪
Duel Gazer,
let's roll!
(woman)
Augmented Reality
Vision Link established.
-Let's duel!
(thundering)
This is
most troubling.
I cannot leave
the Key and...
I am also sensing a
duel has just begun.
Yuma.
♪
Come on,
Yuma.
Beat him.
I'll
go first.
I summon...
Djinn
Cycle!
♪
And I activate
the spell card
Dark
Engineering!
This card lets me
summon another copy
of the monster
on my field.
So I'm summoning
another Djinn Cycle!
♪
Now he's got two Level 3
monsters on his field!
I overlay my two
Level 3 Djinn Cycles!
With these
two monsters,
I build the Overlay
Network and Xyz Summon
Mechquipped Angineer!
♪
He already Xyz
Summoned on the first turn!
But it only has
1,800 attack points.
No problem.
(laughing)
Don't be
so sure, Yuma.
Because now
I'm activating
Djinn Cycle's
special ability!
When it becomes
an Overlay Unit,
you take 400
points of damage!
What?
Since there're
two Djinn Cycles,
you lose
800 points!
(yelling)
(thundering)
(all gasping)
I think I'll
end my turn now.
But nothing you can do
will make a difference.
You cannot compete
with the power of Barian.
(laughing)
(Yuma)
If I only had
Utopia with me...
No.
I have to do
this myself.
I always depend on
Astral to save me.
This time it's my turn to do
whatever it takes to save him.
I draw!
My move!
(thundering)
Yuma is dueling and
the Numbers are at stake.
Utopia!
Are you
going to Yuma?
♪
Utopia, you
came for me.
I summon
Goblindbergh!
When I summon
Goblindbergh,
I can summon a Level
4-or-below monster
from
my hand!
This is really
gonna get you buzzing!
Appear,
Bachibachibachi!
♪
Now I activate
the spell card
Plus Star 123!
This card lets me
add 1, 2 or 3 Levels
to a Level
4-or-below monster.
So I increase
Bachibachibachi
from Level 3
to Level 4!
And now I overlay
Level 4 Goblindbergh
and
Bachibachibachi!
With these
two monsters,
I build the
Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon
Number 39: Utopia!
♪
Well now, better
late than never.
Go, Utopia!
Attack,
Angineer!
I activate Angineer's
special ability!
I use one
Overlay Unit
to switch this
card to defense mode.
Now it can't
be destroyed.
Well, I activate
my bee's ability!
Thanks to my
Bachibachibachi,
even if your monster
is in defense mode,
my Xyz Monster
still deals you damage!
So it looks to me
like your Life Points
are about to
get stung big time!
Say what?
Go, Utopia!
Rising Sun
Bachibachibachi Slash!
♪
(yelling)
Hooray!
That's
the spirit!
Yuma
the man!
Yuma Tsukumo's
doin' good,
even though
Astral isn't here.
Interestin'.
And now I
end my turn.
You're up!
But with Utopia
by my side, you...
(laughing)
Hey, what're
you laughing at?
At you,
Yuma.
I was waiting
for Utopia!
My turn.
I draw!
Now you will
witness the true power
of Barian World!
Now you will
witness the true power
of Barian World!
I activate Rank-Up
Magic Barian's Force
from
my hand!
What's
Barian's Force?
Now this
duel gets good.
(chuckling)
This card ranks
up my Xyz Monster,
and summons
a Chaos Xyz Monster.
I rebuild the
Overlay Network
with Rank
3 Angineer!
Go, Chaos
Xyz Evolution!
Barian power,
born of chaos,
visit your judgment
on this world of filth!
♪
Come forth, Chaos Xyz
Mechquipped Djinn Angeneral!
Chaos Xyz?
What kind of
thing is that?
How could an Xyz
Monster's Rank go up?
I've never
seen that happen!
Now my Barian power
will destroy you all.
(laughing)
Now Barian Force's
effect activates!
My Chaos
Xyz monster
gets to absorb
all Overlay Units
from your
Xyz Monster!
Oh, no!
Go,
Chaos Drain!
♪
Utopia's
Overlay Units!
He took
every single one!
I can't use its special
abilities anymore!
That's
not all.
Your monster loses
300 attack points
for every
Overlay Unit.
That means Utopia
loses 600 attack points.
Utopia!
Even the
great Utopia
is no match for
Barian World's power!
(thundering)
♪
Yuma.
Be safe...
It's over!
And now all your Numbers
will belong to Barian World!
(laughing)